https://tokscript.com/

https://www.tiktok.com/@paigeeatsgood/video/7541937774354566431?q=frozen%20pizza%20review&t=1772242787916


Tasting and ranking frozen pepperoni pizzas.
I asked for suggestions, and you guys were really bougie.
You gave me very, very expensive pizzas.
You know the deal. I'm gonna taste these and rank them 1 through 6.
Let's get going. I got some pepperoni pizza to try.
We're gonna try Porta for our first very expensive pepperoni pizza.
It's hand stretched, the tomatoes are from Italy,
and apparently the flour is Italian, too.
I will say right from the start,
I love when pepperonis make this little boat shape.
Bottom has this really nice,
crispy under carriage. My mouth is watering.
This pizza dough is so light and airy.
Teeth sink perfectly into it,
but it's, like,
crispy and light and fluffy on the inside.
That is truly incredible. The pepperoni is spicy.
It's so flavorful and salty and delicious.
It goes so well on this cheesy pizza crust.
I love that they don't use a ton of sauce, either.
Like, I hate a ton of sauce.
Oh, my god.
Cheese is melty and gooey and a little bit crispy on top.
Let's try the crust, though,
because you guys know I love the crust.
Honestly, I'm a little blown away.
It is fluffy, it is soft.
It has got a nice crisp on the outside, too.
A really, really good one to start with,
but let's see what the next one tastes like.


Now we're gonna try Capello's.
This is a gluten free pizza.
A lot of, you know,
I was gluten free for, like,
10 years, and I never tried this pizza.
I can see the bottom has a nice texture to it.
Cheese looks like it might be a little overdone,
but this is how much I was supposed to put in for it.
Let's try it out.
Wow. The sauce is truly incredible.
Like, one of the best pizza sauces I've ever had.
I need to try it again.
What the heck? Yes.
The texture is not gonna be the same as the last one,
but it has a great bite to it.
It's not flopping around,
which a lot of gluten free pizzas I've had in the past just, like,
flop everywhere. Cheese is incredible, too.
You could tell they're using really high quality cheese,
but something about that sauce, man.
It is amazing.
Definitely the best gluten free pizza I've ever had.
Damn, this is good.
I like sauces that lean orange rather than red.
I don't know what's making it orange.
Cream or something.
The quality of the pepperoni and the cheese and the sauce is amazing.
Let's try the next one, though.
Now we have Rouse. I've never had one of their pizzas before.
Honestly, I'm really excited about it.
The tomato. Tomatoes are from Italy,
and they use whole milk mozzarella.
What I think looks really good is that it has all these herbs on it.
It's really, really hot.
Let's see what it tastes like.
Hmm. The crust is really Really nice.
Has a really great crisp to it.
Tastes like you're in a restaurant.
Like, I thought those herbs on top adds such a nice touch.
You can tell that cheese is really,
really good quality. It's got such a nice,
creamy milkiness to it. The sauce is really good,
but it might not be as good as the last one with all those herbs.
It really packs, like,
a great, flavorful punch.
Try the crust.
Honestly, it tastes like pizza you make at home
when you want to have a pizza night.
It's not quite as fluffy as the first one,
but it's got such a nice texture to it.
One more bite.
Love the herbs on top. Let's try the next one, though.
Now we're gonna try the screaming Sicilian Holy Pepperoni pizza.
A lot of you guys mentioned this one in the comments.
I love the packaging. I think this box looks awesome.
They say that it's stone fired.
I love all these, like,
bumps that they have on the bottom of it.
You can tell this crust really holds up.
Okay, so this one is, like,
loaded with pepperoni, with cheese,
with sauce. If you love a ton of toppings on your pizza, this is it.
I absolutely love the cheese on this one.
I like a lot of cheese on my pizza,
and they really load it up.
I want to be able to get, like, a nice pull from it,
but I wanna Try the crust.
That crust is a little lackluster.
Just tastes like the rest of the pizza.
They're all just so different.
And this is gonna be such a hard ranking
because I've genuinely enjoyed all of these so far.
But let's try the next one.
Now we're gonna try this cheddar.
We'll say that this one looks like the most pizza pizza of all,
if that makes any sense. Like,
it looks like it's almost from a cartoon.
Has a naturally rising crust,
and this baby is thick. Just look at that layer that it has.
Let's see what it tastes like.
Impeccable crust. Really,
really nice and fluffy. I love that it has, like,
cornmeal on it. The bottom holds up perfectly,
and it also has more of that cornmeal on it.
Let's get another bite.
The cheese is delicious. It's heavy,
it's thick, it's pully,
which I love. The only problem is I don't love the sauce.
There's a ton of it, and it's pretty sweet.
I'm dying to try some of this crust, though.
It's so fluffy, but has, like,
a nice crispiness to the outside of it.
There's some really great elements to this one.
The only problem is the sauce,
and I think the sauce is kind of a big problem.
Remember how we were talking about the color?
This one is really, really red.
But we have one more to try.
Now we're gonna try the table 87.
You knew I had to Try this.
After it won my Margarita pizza review,
then, yeah,
it's pretty expensive for one slice.
I use a plum tomato sauce,
so it is really red. Let's see how that holds up.
The cheese is the best cheese I've ever had on a pizza in my life.
Just like the last time.
I will say it's a little flappier than the Margarita one that I have.
Maybe because it has to hold up
these pepperonis.
I will say that I did like their Margarita pizza better,
and I think I know why. The pepperonis not only are very heavy,
which make it floppy, but they also have a lot of grease.
So there's a ton of grease on this pizza,
which is kind of taking away the freshness of that plum
ripe tomato sauce. You can see.
See that it's like leaving a trail of grease as well.
And I know I'm eating pepperoni pizza,
there's gonna be grease.
But the texture and the thickness of this pizza
don't really hold up for it.
Let's try a piece of the crust.
I mean, it is delightful,
do not get me wrong. I just had really, really,
really high expectations after the Margherita pizza.
But let's rank these. This was difficult.
I think you're gonna be surprised with my ranking at No. 6.
I'm gonna do the fresh. I thought it was really good.
The dough was delicious. Crust was amazing.
I just didn't like the sauce that much.
It was a little bit too sweet for me,
but overall, all the other components were amazing,
and it's up against some really great pizza.
Then at number five, I'm gonna put the table 87,
and I can't believe it,
because I loved the other Margarita pizza so much.
Just a little bit too greasy,
and it couldn't hold up really well,
so it kind of got floppy because.
So that's why it's my No. 5.
Then at No. 4, the Screaming Sicilian.
I thought this was a really great option.
I love how much pepperoni they give.
I liked the crust a lot. Sauce could use a little bit of improvement,
but other than that, the cheese was great, too.
There were just some that were better.
Then in number three, I'm gonna put the Rouse.
It was super herbaceous, it was crispy.
I really liked all the flavor combinations.
I just like two more better than this one.
Then in number two, I'm gonna put the gluten free Capellas.
I loved this one. The sauce.
Best sauce I've ever had in my life on a pizza. Incredible.
It was super well balanced and dynamic.
Definitely the best gluten free pizza I've ever had.
But then my number one, I'm gonna put the Porta.
It was. Was incredible.
To me, it wasn't much of a competition.
I could not believe the texture of that crust.
It tasted like you got this from a restaurant.
A lot of these are Really expensive,
so I understand. Sometimes it's like,
is it even worth it getting a frozen pizza?
This one is so, so worth.
Worth it. It had everything you want in a good pizza,
and that's why it's my number one.
So this is my pepperoni pizza rating.
This was so much fun, and I know a lot of these are really expensive,
so I'm gonna do a more affordable pizza series, too.
Also curious, what's your favorite pepperoni pizza?
Is it one that I've tried today?
Have you ever tried this one?
Put it in the comments below and come back soon for another video.